#13 - Introduce input to define if checked tag should already exist (#14)
AbsaOSS/version-tag-check: README.md

| `version-tag` Exists in Repository? | `should-exist` | Increment Validity Check | Behavior                                                                 |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Yes**                             | `true`         | Skipped                  | ✅ **Success**: The version tag exists as expected.                      |
| **No**                              | `true`         | Skipped                  | ❌ **Failure**: The version tag does not exist in the repository.        |
| **Yes**                             | `false`        | Skipped                  | ❌ **Failure**: The version tag should not exist but does.               |
| **No**                              | `false`        | Performed                | ✅ **Success**: The version tag does not exist and is a valid increment. |
| **No**                              | `false`        | Performed                | ❌ **Failure**: The version tag does not exist and is **not** a valid increment. |

> 

Author: Fixed in commit ab6cd3a3d53c8332c19bc1ffb109bf862f5b53ff.

- **Description**: The version tag to check for in the repository. Example: `v0.1.0`.
- **Required**: Yes

### `should-exist`
- **Description**: Flag to indicate if the version tag should exist in the repository. Set to `true` to check if the version tag should exist. Setting to `true` disables increment validity check. 
- **Default**: `false`
- **Required**: No

### Behavior Summary

> Depending on the combination of these inputs, the action will behave differently. The table below outlines the possible scenarios:
> - **1st control:** check received tag format
>   - **Note:** Will be done all times.
> - **2nd control:** check tag presence in repository
>   - **Note:** Will be done all times. `should-exist` flag will determine the expected presence of the tag.
> - **3rd control:** check tag version increment validity (path or minor or major +1)
>    - **Note:** This check is skipped when `should-exist` is set to `true`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the combination of these inputs, the action behaves slightly differently. 
The action checks
- **1st check:** checks the received tag format (semantic version prefixed by a `v`)
- **2nd check:** checks tag presence in the target git repository
  - _Note:_ `should-exist` flag determines the expected presence of the tag in the repository
- **3rd check:** checks if the tag version is a valid increment of a previous version 
   - _Note:_ This check is *not executed** when `should-exist` is set to `true`. 
```
